{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27260\viewh22520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 If you could be one for just 24 hours, what cereal box cartoon character would you be? Why?\
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend?\
What is your favorite animal? List three adjectives to explain your choice.\
What is your favorite color? List three adjectives to explain your choice.\
It's a very hot and muggy day. You desperately want something very cool and refreshing to quench your thirst and revitalize your body. What would you drink -- either make your own or store-bought.\
You discover that the person you're head-over-heels interested in loves a good homemade & handmade dessert. What will you concoct when you have this person over?\
What would you leave in your will for the person you care about the most?\
What do you consider to the most valuable thing you own: when you were a child/teenager/now?\
What's the kindest act you have ever seen done (either to/by you or another)?\
If you could have any job in the world, which one would you want?\
What were your best/worst subjects in school and what subjects would you want to learn now?\
What are you most talented at? What is your worst nightmare today?\
How often do you clean between your toes?\
What is your favorite way to waste time at work without getting caught?\
If you could have had the starring role in one film already made, which movie would you pick?\
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?\
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so that you never had to do it again, what would it be?\
You were just given a yacht. What would you name it?\
If you could have been told one thing that you weren't told when you were a teenager, what would you like to have heard?\
You've just been hired to a promotions position at Kellog Co. What would you put in a new breakfast cereal box as a gimmick?\
Just like "Everybody Wang Chung tonight!", what action would your name be if it were a verb? Answer for others in your group -- not yourself.\
Name your favorite song.\
If you were to get a tattoo, what would it say or what would the graphic be?\
If you could play any musical instrument, what would it be and why? If you already play an instrument(s), what do you play and why?\
When trick-or-treating as a kid, was there any kind of candy that you didn't like to get?\
Why do you live in the Washington DC area?\
What is your favorite memory of Christmases past?\
What is the most outrageous thing you've done for God?\
If a movie was being made of your life and you could choose the actor/actress to play you, who would you choose and why?\
Paper or plastic?\
What was the weirdest food you've ever eaten?\
What do you keep in the trunk of your car?\
When you were in grade school, what did you want to be when you grew up? Why?\
If you owned a CB radio what would your "handle" be?\
If you were given 24 hrs to live, what would you do?\
If you were in the "Miss America" talent competition, what would your talent be? (Note: both guys & gals have to answer this question)\
What do you think the most ultimate gift of the world is.\
Tell something that nobody in the group knows about you.\
What is your earliest childhood memory?\
What was your favorite TV show when you were growing up?\
If you had one extra hour of free time a day, how would you use it?\
What CD is in your CD player right now?\
The great theologian Andy Warhol stated that everyone gets 15 minutes of fame.  What happened during your 15 minutes?\
Name the most famous person you've had a face to face encounter with ("brush with greatness").\
Name your favorite children's story.\
If you could spend 15 minutes with any living person, who would it be and why?\
What person in the Bible do you most closely identify with?\
What article of clothing most closely describes your personality?\
If you were to write a book what would it be about?\
How many rings before you answer the phone?\
What is the first thing you think of when you wake in the morning?\
If you won a million dollars, what would you do with it?\
If you had to, what part of your body would you get pierced?\
Who was your favorite teacher and why?\
What makes you feel the most secure?\
Who do you admire the most?\
Have you ever had a reoccurring dream? What was it\
What was your nickname growing up or now?\
Who was your hero when you were a child, and what did you do to be like them?\
Peanut or plain?\
What is your favorite cartoon character & why?\
Who inspires you and how are you a bit like them?\
How did you learn to ride a bicycle?\
Based on something you've already done, how might you make it into the Guinness Book of World Records? \
What's the closest you've come to becoming a pop star/winning an Oscar?\
When was the last time you did something for the first time?  What was it?\
If you knew you could not fail, what would you do?\
What is your concept of a fruitful day?\
What was your favorite thing to play with as a child? Why?\
If you could be any animal in the world for 24 hours, which animal would you be? Why?\
Have you ever jumped out of a plane?\
If you could rid the world of one thing, what would it be?\
What is your best personal characteristic?\
What is your favorite quote?\
If you could be invisible for a day, what would you do?\
What is your favorite weird food combination?\
If you had to be a flower, which one would you like to be and why?\
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three books and three people would you take with you? Why?\
What was your favorite childhood toy?\
My biggest pet peeve is...\
What is your favorite commercial? What commercial annoys you the most?\
What's the most interesting "Ice Breaker" Question you have ever been asked?\
If you could be an ice cream flavor, what would it be? Why?\
Name a turning point in your life that makes you smile/cry.\
If there were a holiday in your honor what would it celebrate?\
What clubs were you a member of in High School? Are you still interested in any of the same things?\
If you were to be on a reality TV show which one would you be on and why?\
If you could be anything in the world, what would you be and why?\
If someone rented a billboard for you, what would you put on it?\
If you had to enter a competition for the "Most Uselessly Unique Talent," what would your talent be?\
If you were a Smurf, what would your name be?\
What is your worst personality characteristic?\
If you had to be a teacher of something, what would you teach?\
How would you like to be remembered?\
What is one thing that you constantly think about (other than material things)?\
What did you like best about your hometown?\
Something interesting you might not know about me is...\
What do you think is best feeling in the world?\
If you could have written any book, what book would you like to have written?\
What is your most favorite pair of shoes ever? Explain.\
What's your favorite sport?\
What's your middle name?  Why?\
Which member of your family has had the greatest influence on your current way of thinking?\
What dessert describes you the best and why?\
What kind of music do you like?\
What is your favorite animal?\
What do you keep in your wallet aside from money, cards and pictures?\
What punctuation mark best describes your personality? Why?\
If you could plan your ultimate vacation, where would you go?\
What is something you have that is of sentimental value?\
What is your most embarrassing moment?\
Listener or talker?\
Can you comfortably eat in a restaurant by yourself? Go to movie?\
What was the first car you drove?\
What do you miss most about childhood?\
What one thing (modern convenience) could you not live without?\
If you could meet anyone from history, who would you meet and why?\
What was the first live concert you ever attended?\
What was your longest relationship and why did it end?\
Is the glass half empty or half full? What is in the glass?\
If you could be one kind of beer which one would you be and why?\
Where do you see yourself in ten years?\
What is the worst possible name to call a child?\
If you could meet anyone from the Bible who would it be and what would you ask them? (Besides Jesus)\
If you could snap your fingers and appear somewhere else, where would you be?\
If you could date any celebrity, who would it be and why?\
What specific thing have you done that impressed yourself?\
If you could switch bodies with a certain celebrity, who would it be and why?\
If you could fly to a different time zone, which one would you fly to? Why?\
What cartoon character best represents your personal philosophy?\
What's your passion?\
What does your room look like?\
What internet site do you surf to the most?\
If you could only where one color for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?\
If you could have one super human power, what would it be?\
If you could be any color in a Crayola box, what color would you be and why?\
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?\
What was in your high school locker?\
I was once mistaken for ...\
What is the best/worst pick up line you have ever heard?\
What is the weirdest gift you have ever received?\
If there was a whole different concept of reality (like The Matrix) what would it be?\
Where would you like to retire and why?\
What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?\
What is the craziest (or stupidest) thing you have ever done?\
What is your favorite season?\
What's the best dinner you ever had?\
Who has been the biggest inspiration in your life? Why?\
Which of Snow White's 7 dwarfs describes you best and why? (Doc, Happy, Bashful, Sleepy, Sneezy, Grumpy, Dopey)\
If you were attending a Halloween party, what would your costume be and why?\
What do you feel is your most attractive physical feature?\
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?\
Name 3 things you think will become obsolete in ten years.\
Tell two truths and one lie about yourself to the others in your group.  Everyone try and guess the lie.\
If I wasn't afraid I would _________ (What?)\
What is a song for which you thought you knew the words and later found out that you had them wrong? (For example, I always used to sing the theme song to Top Gun\'96 Highway to the Danger Zone\'96 as \'93I went to the danger zone.)\
What was the worst whoop\'92n or punishment your parents ever gave you?\
What was your worst summer or part-time job?\
If given a chance to get back at something during the past, what will be that time and why?\
What mountain would you want to climb someday?\
Best or worst experience at summer camp\
Name a pet you have owned and how you came to name him/her.\
Describe an interesting experience you had the last time your power went out.\
What\'92s your favorite line from any movie?\
What is the best or most interesting class you have ever taken in high school, college or graduate school?\
What famous person do you know or have met personally?\
If you had unlimited money and space, what one thing would you add to your bedroom?\
Who was your first big crush? Why did you like this person? Did he/she like you back?\
What is a fashion trend that you used to wear (in the 70s, 80s, etc.) that you would now be embarrassed to wear?\
If you could go only to one restaurant for the next five years, which would it be?\
What is something you have lost that you have never found, or were tremendously relieved when you did find it?\
Best dessert you have ever had?\
What is one of the strangest southern expressions you have heard (or other idiomatic expression)?\
What is your favorite breakfast?\
If you had the opportunity to live one year of your life over again, which year would you choose?\
Do you wake up to a CD, the radio, or a buzzer?\
What is set as the background on your computer?\
What magazine(s) do you subscribe to?\
If you were a professional wrestler, what would your ring name be and why?\
On Saturdays, I like to...\
Where would you like to be a missionary to?\
What's better -- toilet paper rolled over top or underneath?\
Which Scooby-Doo character are you most like (Scooby, Shaggy, Daphne, Fred, Velma, the monster, Scrappy?)\
If you had to endure one natural disaster (i.e. hurricane, tornado, etc), what would you pick and why?\
What movie or TV show do you take guilty pleasure in watching?\
If you had to describe your day as a traffic sign, what would it be?\
What traditional stereotype would you classify yourself as?\
What "group" did you belong to in high school?\
If you wrote a book about yourself...what would it be about?\
List 10 items everyone in the group has in common.\
If your house were burning down, what would you take and why?\
Describe your favorite pair of PJ's\
How many handbags do you own?\
If this were your last day alive, what would you say to each person in the group?\
What is your very favorite part of your day?\
What is your best scar? Tell the story of how you got it.\
You win a million dollars, but you have to give half to a charity. Which charity do you pick, and what do you do with the rest of the money?\
Describe your dream wedding where money is no option.\
What kind of deodorant do you use?\
If you were a spy what would your alias be?\
Do you have a birth mark? Where? Does it look like anything?\
You are planning the most awesome dinner party of your life. Which 3 celebrities/historical figures (past or present) would you add to your guest list to keep the dinner talk interesting?\
What is your favorite sport, and which team of that sport do you cheer for?\
Which would you rather have a kiss or a hug? Why?\
If you could be a pair of jeans what style would you be?  Why?\
You have multiple personalities, describe some of them.\
What is the best thing you have done in your life?\
Name three things that this group doesn't know about you, (and only two of which are true...)\
If you were blind for the rest of your life... what would you miss seeing the most?\
What household chore do you hate the most?\
What is your most disappointing moment in life?\
When have you laughed the hardest? Cried?\
If you had a "theme song" that played whenever you walk into a room full of people, what would it be?\
What is the first thing you notice about the opposite sex?\
What time period from the past would you most have liked to live in and why?\
What is the best reward anyone can give you?\
If you had a band what would you name it?\
Do you like fruit?  Vegetables?\
What can someone do to encourage you?\
If you could be a film character, who would you be?\
If you were a pirate, what would your name be?\
Pen or Pencil?\
Crunchy Peanut Butter or Smooth?\
What is one thing about you people would be surprised to learn?\
If you could be any kitchen appliance, what would it be and why?\
Would you rather go the short way slow, or take the long way fast if you got there in the same amount of time?\
Where did you live at age five? What kind of car did you have? How was your home heated?\
2%, 1% or skim milk?\
Would you live in space if you could never come back to earth?\
Would you rather always be in a crowd, or be the only person on earth?\
What was your favorite decade? (50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, etc.)\
Would you rather be rich, or famous? Why?\
If you were God: _______________\
Do you squeeze the toothpaste from the top or the bottom?\
If you could only have one thing on a deserted island what would it be?\
Who was your first love? What age, grade, etc.\
Helmann's or Miracle Whip?\
Describe your past week as a type of landscape or a weather forecast.\
Ask the person next to you a question that you have always wanted to know about them.\
If you had the choice between an RV, a sports car, an SUV, or a bicycle, which would you choose and why?\
What kind of hat describes your personality?\
When you were in elementary school, what was your favorite activity at recess?\
If you had to move out of this country, what country would you move to? Why?\
Coffee or Tea?\
Why is your favorite color?  Why?\
How many children do you want? Girls or boys?\
Describe your ideal romantic date?\
Say one nice compliment about someone in this room.\
Who is your best friend? Tell us about him/her.\
Have you ever been in love?  For how long?  How many times?\
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?\
If you had to lose one of your five senses, which one of them would you prefer to lose and why?\
Is there a story behind your name?  What is it?\
What was one of the most fun things you and your college roommate did together?\
If you could live anywhere for one year, all expenses paid, where would you live?\
What's your favorite song to karaoke to?\
When you were 6 years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?\
If you had to paint the whole world only one color what would it be and why?\
What was the worst smell you have ever smelled?\
What takes you out of your comfort zone?\
If you were on the cover of a magazine, which one would it be and why?\
If you could be laid to rest anywhere, where would it be?  Why?\
Do you make your bed every morning or do you leave it unmade?\
What is your favorite video game?\
Name one thing that you couldn't live without.\
Pool side or beach?\
If you had to be one or the other, would you rather be blind or deaf?  Why?\
When you are using the bathroom at someone else's house, do you leave anything behind different than it was when you got there?\
If you were a piece of fruit, what fruit would you choose to be?\
Would you rather meet the love of your life, knowing he/she will die within a year, or go without meeting him/her?  Explain.\
When's the last time you cried?  Why?\
Sitting alone in a big field, looking at stars, what do you think/feel?\
Which one physical feature would you change if you could?\
If you could be cat or dog, which one would you be and why?\
What is your favorite guilty pleasure?\
Name one important characteristic you look for in someone you consider a friend.\
What was your favorite age and why?\
What's one of your favorite things to do when you have a night off?\
What\'92s your favorite way to celebrate an accomplishment?\
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?\
What kind of toothpaste do you use?\
If you could be a professional at any sport, what would it be?\
What is your favorite holiday?\
What was your favorite childhood toy?\
Who would you like to play your life story in a movie?\
If there was only one left of your most favorite things to eat, would you let your best friend have it or yourself?  Why or why not?\
If you could drive/ride/or fly anything to work, what would it be?  Why?\
What is your favorite candy?  Explain.\
What scares you the most?\
If you were a tree, what kind of tree would you be and why?\
Which animal represents you the best and why?\
If you were the eighth dwarf, what would your name be?\
If you could, would you become the President? Why or why not?\
If you were elected mayor of your city, what would be your first improvement, and why?\
What is your favorite way to express yourself and why?\
If you were a piece of furniture what would you be?  Why?\
What are you thankful for?\
If you had a magic lamp and a genie who granted you 3 wishes, what would the 3 wishes be?\
Are there any interesting things your name spells with the letters rearranged?\
How many siblings do you have? Are you the oldest, a middle child, or youngest?\
If you could be any superhero, which one would you be and why?\
What are your favorite pizza toppings?\
Describe your worst day...\
If you could be anywhere, doing anything right now, where would you be and what would you be doing?\
What's your favorite fabric and why?\
What CD(s) is in your radio right now?\
What is your favorite pop/soda?\
Name the song title that best describes your life.\
You are chosen to make dinner for a very special guest. What will you cook?\
What was the best year of your life? Why?\
If you could ask God a question what would it be?\
What's the worst trouble you got into when you were young? What did you do?\
What\'92s more important to you\'85the ride or the destination?\
If you had to give up one food forever, what would it be?\
What is the scariest thing you have ever done for fun?\
If you could have any super power what would it be and why?\
If you could listen to only one CD for the rest of your life, what would it be?\
Broken toe or broken finger?\
Using only one word, name something significant about your life today.\
Would you rather be rich or famous? Why?\
If your house was on fire, what one thing would you take? (assuming family and pets got out OK)\
If you could go bowling with any three people- dead or alive- Who would you take and why?\
Is the milk glass half full or half empty and why?\
In a fire who would you save, a sibling or five strangers?\
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?\
What are your three favorite smells?\
If you were a lip gloss flavor, what would you be and why?\
Did you ever consider becoming a teacher? Why or why not?\
What book has influenced you greatly? How?\
What is your favorite restaurant and why?\
What is your favorite time of day?\
What is your favorite season?\
If you could bring one person back from heaven who would it be and why?\
Who is your favorite actor / actress, and why?\
What one rule did you always disagree with growing up?\
What would you do if you really really liked someone and after a while of hanging out you discovered that they did not believe in God?\
If someone gave you an island - What would you name it? Would you live there? What would you do with it?\
Would you rather live to be 100 and sick, or live to be 50(dying from a freak accident) and healthy?\
Where did you meet your mate?\
If you could spend your last hours of life with anyone, doing anything, who would you choose and what would you do?\
If you could have one thing to drink before you died what would it be? and why?\
Do you believe in ghosts or evil spirits? Why?\
If you were a tree what type would you be, where would you be and why?\
What was the first record or CD that you bought?\
What do you have in your bag/wallet that best describes your personality?\
If you were a super hero what would your special power be and why?\
What is your favourite cheese?\
What was your favourite game when you were a kid?\
Who was your favourite teacher at school - why?\
Describe a word beginning with the first letter of your name that sums you up?\
What is your favorite number?\
What is your biggest fear or phobia?\
Did you have a nickname growing up? What was it and why were you called that?\
What is your favorite movie and why?\
If you see your Maker at this point, what would You want Him to say as a welcome? Why?\
Would you rather lead or follow? Why?\
What is your favorite winter activity?\
What is something you can do better than anyone else you know?\
I wish everyone would________________.\
What's your favorite song to sing in Karaoke? Why?\
If you had to be handcuffed to one person for an entire month, who would it be?\
If you could have a child with any famous person alive, who would it be? What would you name him/her?\
What is your favorite song to sing in the shower?\
Ketchup or mustard?\
What is your idea of a great dessert?\
If you could be a cocktail, what cocktail would you be and why?\
What is your favorite smell?\
Have you ever had the Police called on you? If so - why?\
If you had one song to play at your wedding what would it be?\
What did you eat for breakfast?\
What's your favorite type of house? Describe it.\
If you were a pro wrestler, what would your name be?\
Name a major life experience that made you who you are today?\
What clubs where you involved in during High School and College?\
If you could take back something hurtful you've once said to someone, what would it be?\
What could you do to improve your life?\
If you could ask God one question, what would it be?\
The worst lie I ever told was?\
If you could have a celebrity entourage with 3 celebrities, who would they be?\
If you could go back and change your career path what would you be doing now?\
If you could fly or breathe under water what would you prefer?\
If you could only take three people in an island on this group, whom will it be?\
If you could live to the age of 90 and either retain your looks or brains you had at 30, what would you keep?\
If you moved to Sesame Street, who would you want as your neighbor? Why?\
What is your dream job?\
what was the most embarrassing thing you have done while on a date?\
If you could change one current event in the world what would it be and why?\
If you could have a condiment dispensed from your navel, what would it be? (Editor: I can't stop laughing about this one. How come the poster didn't also ask Why?)\
What's the oldest piece of clothing you still own and wear?\
What do you look for in a friend?\
What's the most important thing to you in life?\
What type of music relaxes you the most?\
What is the best gift anyone's ever given you?\
How many dates do you go on with someone before you introduce them to your parents?\
What TV game show would you want to go on?\
If you cold ask Noah one question, what would it be?\
Name a favorite sound, past or present.\
What famous line did your parents use over and over?\
If you auditioned for American Idol, what song would you sing?\
If you could time travel, where would you go, and what would you do?\
Why do you (or don't you) vote?\
If you were given the opportunity for free skydiving lessons would you take them? Why or why not?\
What is the hardest choice you have ever had to make? What was the outcome?\
If you had to lose one of your senses, what would you choose? Why?\
Do you prefer sweet or salty snacks?\
In what month did you file your tax return this year?\
Hit the couch or hit the treadmill?\
If you could instantly become fluent in another language, what would that language be and why?\
How many languages do you you speak?\
What is your favorite "made up" word from your childhood or that of one of your children? What does it mean?\
What is your favorite Disney tune?\
If I could live in any other time period of the past, it would be (and tell us why):\
Number of auto accidents I have been in:\
I'm at my silliest when:\
What do you love most about living in this country?\
I still can't believe I once:\
Of all of the Gilligan's Island characters, I am most like (and tell us why):\
The furthest I have traveled was to:\
What is the craziest thing you've done lately?\
What do you dislike about failure? What can you learn from it?\
Did you ever go against a fashion rage? Why?\
Once, just to attract attention, I...\
One of the jealous times of my life was...\
Share an experience where you felt out of place.\
What type of partner would you choose for yourself?\
Which of your parents rules do you appreciate the most? Why?\
Tell us one of the worst fights you ever got into?\
What childish things do you still do as adult?\
What questions would you NOT like others to ask you?\
One major problem I had to solve this year was...\
What obstacles do you find when trying to become a close friend to someone of the opposite sex?\
What do you do when you're home.\
Share the biggest argument you had with your parents.\
Tell us about your unusual hobby?\
What was the worst advice you ever gave?\
One of the worst ways I ever reacted to a declaration of love was...\
If you can give one sentence advice about how to live life, what would it be?\
How do you express your anger to your enemy? To your best friends? To a parent?\
One particular day/night that I wanted to last forever was...\
What are your limitations and potentials?\
Cite a situation wherein you felt life had been unfair to you?\
Once I ran away from home. Here's the story...\
Would you dare to sleep in haunted house overnight?\
What are your goals for living?\
Describe the most inappropriate present that you received.\
What fantasy would you like to live out? Why?\
What is the funniest story your mother tells about you?\
Have you ever said something you regretted, but were then glad you said it?\
Have you ever said something you regretted, but were then glad you said it?\
If you could have any kind of a job in the entertainment industry, what do you think you would do best?\
If I asked your high school friends what they thought you would be doing today, what would they say?\
My scariest nightmare was:_________\
What was the worst concert you went to (who and when)?\
What was the best concert you went to (who and when)?\
If you had your own talk show, who would your first three guests be?\
Three things I think will become obsolete in 10 years:\
When people look at me, they would never guess that I: (What?)\
My favorite unusual food combination is:\
Favorite Quote:\
What is the furthest you have traveled?\
Who was your favorite band, group, or solo when you were in high school?\
If you could be invisible for one day, where would you like to be?\
What's the best sound effect you can make? Do it.\
What do you miss most about being a kid?\
What is your favorite tradition? (family tradition, church tradition, whatever)\
Tell about the last time you had to ask for help.\
What CD would your friends be surprised that you own?\
Would you ever be on a reality TV show? Why/why not? If you would, which one?\
When was your worst/most recent/dramatic/(whatever) car trouble?\
Do you think Jesus will come again in your lifetime?\
Where did you grow up?\
If you were stranded on a deserted island with one book, what would you want that book to be?\
Did you have a collection of some kind as a child? If so, what was it?\
What is your favorite thing to do in the summer? Winter?\
If you could mix three animals together, which ones would you choose to make the ultimate animal?\
You have to wear a t-shirt with one word on it for the rest of your life. Which word do you choose?\
What are your three favorite spices?\
What is the weirdest (unusual) thing you've ever eaten?\
How many places have you lived? You can share the number of physical residences and/or the number of cities.\
What was your first job where you got paid by someone other than your parents?\
What is your favorite memory with someone other than family\
what was the most mischievous thing you did as a child?\
when did you last climb a tree?\
How many brothers and sisters do you have? What's your birth order?\
If you were a shoe, what kind would you be and why??\
What's the funniest thing you did as a kid that your parents still talk about to this day?\
If you could be one Disney character who would you be and why?\
If you could be a cookie what kind of cookie would you be?\
What sub-atomic particle would you be? Why?\
Has modern technology enhanced or complicated your life? Why?\
How much do you spend on hair and/or nails each month?\
What is your favorite table or board game?\
Are you a Country mouse or a City mouse? Why?\
Name all the vehicles you have owned in your adult life.\
What is your favorite house decor style? Traditional, Contemporary, Country, Colonial? Why?\
Are you a planner or a procrastinator? Give an example?\
Would you rather plan a party or attend one? Why?\
If you could attend any college, free of charge, what college would that be and what major would you pursue? Why?\
List the food items you take at a salad bar.\
How many doors do you have in your house?\
What is your favorite soup? Why?\
Tell about a collection you have now.\
What was the cheapest gas price you can remember? What year was that?\
Have you ever gone back to the town where you grew up in? If yes, how has it changed? Is your old house still there?\
Name all the kinds of trees in your yard right now?\
Do you like silver or gold jewelry? Why?\
When was the last time you went bowling?\
Are you a front seat driver or a back seat driver?\
Other than pizza, what is a favorite Italian dish?\
If you were handed free opera tickets, would you go or sell them? Why?\
Do you like the mountains, coastline or the plains? Why?\
What is the farthest road trip you have taken? To where and how long was it?\
What was the highest grocery bill you ever had?\
What is your favorite kind of pie? Describe taking a bite using three adjectives.\
Name two words you always seem to spell incorrectly. Try to spell it now!\
Do you enjoy going shopping for clothes? Why or why not?\
What was the title of the last self-help book you read? Did it help?\
How often do you bid on Ebay? What was the last item you won?\
Do you like store-bought things or handmade things? Why?\
When you lose electricity in a storm, do you light the candles or turn on the flashlight? How many of each do you own?\
Have you ever been a participant in a parade? What did you do?\
Where were you when you had your fist kiss?\
What was your last thought before going to sleep?\
What is your first thought in the morning?\
What would you rather: glasses or contacts?\
If you could be permanently one color for the rest of your life, what color would it be & why?\
If you can thank God for one thing in your life, what would it be?\
If you were to be a natural element, which would you rather be: fire or water?\
What is in the trunk of your car right now?\
If you were an American Gladiator what would your name be?\
What was your favorite 80s movie?\
What was the most mischievous April Fool\'92s prank you\'92ve done?\
If they made a movie of your life who would play you?\
When was the last time you had a dream? What was it about?\
If you had to choose between being deaf or blind which would you choose and why?\
If you were to die tomorrow, what would your tombstone say?\
If you could perform in the Olympics, what would you like to do?\
Would you rather spend the rest of your life in love with a rich person or a poor person?\
It's Saturday morning. What's the first thing you do when you wake up.\
If you could erase one day in history which one would it be and why?\
If we Googled your name what would we see?\
If you had one free day to do anything you want, what would you do?\
Do you prefer eating the frosting of the cupcake or the cupcake first?\
If you were a color what color would you be? Why?\
If you could live in any sitcom, what would it be?\
What song most describes your life right now?\
Which way do you eat corn on the cob?\
What is something unexpected that has changed about you in the last few years?\
Would you ever loan a significant amount of money to a friend/relative ? Why or why not?\
Would you ever use a dating service (match.com, e-harmony, etc.) to find someone? Why/Why not.\
What can you always be found with?\
So you win a pet monkey at a fair, but this isn't just any old monkey. It can do one trick for you whenever you want from getting a pop out of the fridge to washing your hair. What would be the trick?\
If you were a llama, where would you get your hair cut?\
If you could invent a gadget what will it be and why?\
If you could visit any place in the world where would it be and why?\
What is the longest book you ever read?\
When did you last write a hand written letter?}